I might just be the only person in the
world who mines dirt blocks for a
living. Let me explain. On April 27th,
2023, I challenged the internet and lost
hard. In order to motivate myself to
finish a big terraforming project, I
promised to mine 50 blocks of dirt for
every subscriber I got on the shore.
Somehow, I ended up gaining 1 million
subscribers on that shore, dooming me to
mine 50 million blocks of dirt. Now,
most people would have simply given up,
but I refused to back down from the
impossible challenge I made for myself.
Every dirt block must be mined by me,
not with TNT. And grass blocks don't
count towards the total. I'm doing this
100% legit. And ironically, I've been
too busy mining the dirt to even work on
the terraforming project that started
all of this. After almost 3 years of
clearing out all the dirt in my super
flat world, I finally officially hit 5
million dirt mine. Just 10% of the WAY
DONE. 5 MILLION DIRT. WE GOT IT. WE DID
IT, DUDE. APPARENTLY, I've already got
the second most dirt mind in the world.
And by the time this challenge is over,
I'll have the world record by a long
shot.